= doing

A basic CLI for adding and listing "what was I doing" reminders in a text file. Allows for multiple sections and flexible output formatting.

The format of the "WWID" file is TaskPaper-compatible. You can edit it by hand at any time, but it uses a specific format for parsing, so be careful. By default the file is created in "~/what_was_i_doing.md", but this can be modified in the config file.

The config file is stored in "~/.doingrc", and is created on the first run. It contains, among other things, templates for various command outputs. Include placeholders by placing a % before the keyword. The available placeholders are:

- %title: the "wwid" entry line
- %date: the date based on the templates "date_format" setting
- %shortdate: a custom date formatter that removes the day/month/year from the entry if they match the current day/month/year
- %note: Any note in the entry will be included here, a newline and tabs are automatically added.
- %odnote: The notes with a leading tab removed (outdented note)
- %hr: a horizontal rule (`-`) the width of the terminal
- %hr_under: a horizontal rule (`_`) the width of the terminal
- `%[color]`: color can be black, green, blue, yellow, magenta, cyan or white
  - you can prefix "bg" to affect background colors (%bgyellow)
  - prefix "bold" and "boldbg" for strong colors (%boldgreen, %boldbgblue)


Date formats are based on Ruby `strftime` formatting.



Usage:

    doing [global options] command [command options] [arguments...]

Global Options

    --version    - Display the program version
    --[no-]notes - Output notes if included in the template (default: enabled)
    --help       - Show this message

Commands

    help        - Shows a list of commands or help for one command
    now         - Add an entry
    later       - Add an item to the Later section
    done        - Add a completed item with @done(date)
    show        - List all entries
    recent      - List recent entries
    today       - List entries from today
    last        - Show the last entry
    sections    - List sections
    choose      - Select a section to display from a menu
    add_section - Add a new section to the "doing" file
    view        - Display a user-created view
    archive     - Move all but the most recent 5 entries in a section to Archive
    open        - Open the "doing" file in an editor (OS X)
    config      - Edit the configuration file
